---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Getting started
  - /getting-started/setup
snippet: docker run -it -p 8080:8080 -p 8085:8085 mockgee/mockgee:latest
---

#title
Take control of your API mocks across the enterprise

#description
Mockgee is the most feature-advanced, API mocking solution that supports the enterprise's complex use cases with the technical capabilities of actual APIs.

#extra
  ::list
  - **Most feature-advanced** API mocking
  - Intuitive modern UI
  - [Dynamic API mocking](/getting-started/dynamic-mocks)
  - Create API mocks - **OAS3(Swagger), Postman's Collections or native CSV file**
  - [REST API](/api/rest-api) to integrate with your CI/CD pipeline.
  - Support data type - `JSON`, `SOAP` and `XML`
  ::
::


::card-grid
#title
What's included

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=simple-icons:swagger}
  #title
  OAS3(Swagger), Postman & CSV File
  #description
  Create API mocks using Open API Specification 3.X, Postman's collection, and native CSV files.
  ::

  ::card{icon=ant-design:api-outlined}
  #title
  Real API Capabilities
  #description
  Fully replicate real API capabilities and support complex use cases for enterprise.
  ::

  ::card{icon=tabler:rocket}
  #title
  Deploy anywhere
  #description
  Install to any machine through a Docker container, and developers can access it through any browser.
  ::

  ::card{icon=eos-icons:proxy-outlined}
  #title
  Proxy / Default Response
  #description
  Mockgee support redirects client requests to the actual target server or returns a default mock response.
  ::

  ::card{icon=material-symbols:chart-data-outline-rounded}
  #title
  Observability 
  #description
  Get an insight into the developer's activity through audit and metrics data.
  ::

  ::card{icon=icon-park-outline:trace}
  #title
  APIs Tracing
  #description
  Tracing request and response payload greatly ease the developers and increase productivity.
  ::
::

 ::card{icon="eos-icons:trusted-organization"}
 #title
Trusted by Saudi Telecome Provider (stc)
 #description
 stc is the **Saudi digital enabler of telecommunications services** :br
 in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
 ::

 ::alert{type=danger}
 Contact us at contact@mockgee.com for further inquiries.
 ::


