# Dynamic Mocks

Dynamic mocking is one of the unique feature of the mockgee wherein API mocks can return dynamic responses and fields.

## Dynamic responses

Mockgee lets you create multiple request-response combinations and returns a response based on the request payload

::alert
Check out the below video on `dynamic mocks`
::

::div
 :video-player{src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LCvQPMDZMA"}
::



## Dynamic fields

Mockgee, out-of-box, supports making the mock response field's value dynamic with the below data types, and  returns new value.

::alert
Sets the field value with placeholder `$$` with below data types.
::


::code-group
```json [Dynamic Fields]
{
    "ID": "$$.INT.4",
    "name": "$$.TEXT",
    "isEmployee": "$$.BOOLEAN"
}
```

```json [Response 1]
{
    "ID": 5425,
    "name": "Ficus benghalensis",
    "isEmployee": true
}
```

```json [Response 2]
{
    "ID": 6353,
    "name": "Musa paradisiaca",
    "isEmployee": false
}
```
::


::callout{type=info}
#summary
UUID

#content
This expression `$$.UUID` is to set an unqiue value to a field.
<br>
<br>
This sets dynamic UUID value to any configured field in the mock respons.
::

::callout{type=info}
#summary
INT

#content
This expression `$$.INT.{SIZE}` is to set an integer value to a field.
<br>
For example - `$$.INT.8` would return  { 48983920, 93877372, 837923837...} for every mock response.
::

::callout{type=info}
#summary
INTS

#content
This expression `$$.INTS.{SIZE}` is to set stringified integer value to a field. 
<br>
For example - `$$.INTS.8` would return  { "48983920", "93877372", "837923837" ...} for every mock response.
::

::alert{type=success}
Data type INT & INTS support setting additional (optional) tokens to add `prefix` or `suffix` to a dynamic integer value.
<br>
<br>
For example - `$$.INT|INTS.8.PREFIX.[PO-]` would return  { "PO-48983920", "PO-93877372", "PO-837923837"...} for every mock response.
::

::callout{type=info}
#summary
TEXT

#content
This expression `$$.TEXT` is to set a text value to a field.
<br>
<br>
This sets the dynamically random text to any configured field in the mock response.
::

::callout{type=info}
#summary
TIMESTAMP

#content
This expression `$$.TIMESTAMP` is to set the current timestamp value to a field.
<br>
<br>
This sets a dynamically current timestamp to any configured field in the mock response.
::

::callout{type=info}
#summary
BOOLEAN
#content
This sets a field to return either `true` or `false` by using placeholder `$$.BOOLEAN`
::

::callout{type=info}
#summary
ENUM
#content
The mockgee `ENUM` placeholder feature lets you set multiple values and dynamically return a value from it in the mock response.

ENUM example - `$$.ENUM.[London, New York]`. The mock response returns either of these values.
::
