# Mocking Options

Mockgee offers variaty of options for creating API mocks.


## Data Type

:badge[JSON]

:badge[SOAP]{type="warning"}

::badge{type="danger"}
XML
::


## Dynamic Responses

::alert
Mockgee supports creating multiple mock responses for a single endpoint and at runtime matches with request and return the response accordingly.
<br>
<br>
Mockgee also lets you create a [Default Response](/introduction/default-response) to return or [Proxying Request](/introduction/proxy) to actual system if request does not match with any configured mock.
::



## HTTP Method
Create your API mock using any of below methods:

::list{type="success"}
- GET
- POST
- PUT
- PATCH
- DELETE
- HEAD
::

## Status Code

::alert{type="info"}
HTTP response status codes indicate whether a specific HTTP request has been successfully completed
<br/>
Mockgee supports almost all status codes defined in RFC 2616 <https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html>
::



## Response Header
::alert{type="success"}
Mockgee automatically sets the `Content-Type` for mock response based on response payload.
<br>
<br>
Mockgee also supports setting custom response headers that can returned in mock response.
::


## Request Matching

::alert{type="danger"}
Mockgee provdes the most advance [request matching options](/introduction/matching-request) for making your API mocks dyanmic.
::

## Query Param
::alert{type="success"}
Mockgee supports setting `Query string` in the URL of API endpoints and making a mock dynamic with multiple `Query string` value sets different response.
<br>
<br>
Mockgee supports both static and dynamic `Query string` matchig options.
<br>
<br>
Example of using static query string - https://mockgee.com/api/v1/user?type=internal (Sets `type` value to external, or any other value ... and sets different response accordingly)
<br>
<br>
Example of using dynamic query string - https://mockgee.com/api/v1/user?* (This matches any `query string` in the URL and returns the configured response)
::


## Path Param
::alert{type="info"}
Mockgee supports setting `Path param` in the URL of API endpoints and accepting any value for path param. 
<br>
<br>
Mockgee supports setting both `*` and `{pathName}` in the URL of the endpoint.
<br>
<br>
`Example of using path param`
<br>
<br>
Option 1: https://mockgee.com/api/v1/user/* or https://mockgee.com/api/v1/user/*/id
<br>
Option 2: https://mockgee.com/api/v1/user/{type} or https://mockgee.com/api/v1/user/{type}/id
::

## Dyanimc Fields

Mockgee,out-of-box, supports making mock response field's value dynamic with below data types.

::alert
Sets the field value with placeholder `$$` with below data types.
<br>
For example - 
{ "ID": 100, "name": "John", "isEmployee": "$$.BOOLEAN" }

<br>
would return either - { "ID": 100, "name": "John", "isEmployee": true }
or { "ID": 100, "name": "John", "isEmployee": false }
::

::callout{type=warning}
#summary
UUID

#content
This sets dynamically UUID to any configured field in the mock response.
::

::callout{type=warning}
#summary
INT

#content
This expression is to set integer value to a field like -  `$$.INT.{SIZE}`
<br>
For example - `$$.INT.8` would return  { 48983920, 93877372, 837923837...} for every mock response.
::

::callout{type=warning}
#summary
INTS

#content
This expression is to set stringfy integer value to a field like -  `$$.INTS.{SIZE}`
<br>
For example - `$$.INTS.8` would return  { "48983920", "93877372", "837923837" ...} for every mock response.
::

::alert{type=info}
Data type INT & INTS support setting additional (optional) token to add `prefix` or `suffix` to dynamic integer value.
<br>
For example - `$$.INT|INTS.8.PREFIX.[PO-]` would return  { "PO-48983920", "PO-93877372", "PO-837923837"...} for every mock response.
::

::callout{type=warning}
#summary
TEXT

#content
This sets dynamically random text to any configured field in the mock response.
::

::callout{type=warning}
#summary
TIMESTAMP

#content
This sets dynamically current timestamp to any configured field in the mock response.

::

::callout{type=warning}
#summary
BOOLEAN
#content
This sets a field to return either `true` or `false` by using placehodler `$$.BOOLEAN`
::

::callout{type=warning}
#summary
ENUM
#content
Mockgee ENUM placeholder feature lets you sets multiple values and dynamically return a value from it in the mock response.

ENUM example - `$$.ENUM.[London,New York]`. Mock response return either of these value.
::
 

## Map
Mockgee, out-of-the-box , allows to receive the request field's value in the mock response. For example, a customer ID number should return dynamically in the mock response.

::alert
Check this out for details. [Map](/introduction/map)
::

## CORS Support
::alert
By default mockgee support for CORS that allow the request comes from another domain.
